What is Cloud computing?
	It is a paradigm that enable ubiquitous to shared pools of configurable system resources and higher-level services that can be rapidly **provisioned** with minimal management effort, often over the Internet. 
	
	Keys:
		sharing resources
		economies of scale
		service over the internet
		based on usage
		
Early models
	Grid computing
		It is a collection of computer resources fom **multiple location** to reach common goals.
	Utitlity computing
		It is a service provisioning model. Having a service of computing resources and infrastructure per usage.

Characteristics
	Shared resources and resource management.
	Scalabel and elastic services.
	On-demand.
	Resource-multiplexing.
	Data stored in the cloud. 
	Reliability, Security, Lower communication cost.
	Maintenance and security are operated by service provider.
	Service provideres can operate more efficiently due to specialisation and centralisation.
	Dynamic provisioning.

Advantages
	Resorces are shared.
	High resource utilization.
	Resource can be aggregated to support data-intensive applications.
	Eliminating the initial investment cost.
	Cost reduction because of pay as you go strategy.
	Elasticity
	User convenience

Types
	Public cloud
		made for general public
	Private cloud
		made for an organization only
	Hybrid cloud
		composition of two or more cloud
	Community cloud
		infrastructure that share among several organization and support a community concerns

Challenges
	Availability of service.
	Data confidentiality and auditability.
	Once a customer is hooked to one provider it is hard to move to another.
	
	
	

		